at the heart of this anomaly a 13 year
old mum Wendy and her seven month-old
calf Weaver following them could give me
an insight into the challenges elephants
face this might just be possible here
because of Benjamin unique relationship
with them
who's this Benjamin this heart will be
looking for really
you can see how novel easy yeah all the
Kissimmee River just Wendy's is one
close to me like that
[Music]
so he's broken coming
don't do anything funny Ont and we are
nd what do you want no no that certainly
caught the heart racing a little bit I
didn't like windy Wendy's a bit she's a
bit cheeky uriah to say the least
very naughty naughty yeah
these notice he's mischievous also got a
she's a bit handy with her trunk
you